feat(ensindexer): include `GET /amirealtime` endpoint (#855)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/usage/api.mdx

import { LinkCard } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

## Realtime Indexing Status Monitoring

You can track ENSNode's realtime indexing status using the `GET /amirealtime` endpoint.

> HTTP clients can define their acceptable indexing lag using the `maxAllowedIndexingLag` query parameter. For example, if you want to check whether ENSNode is no more than 10 minutes behind the chain's latest block, you would set the maximum allowed lag to 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each request to this endpoint can optionally define what it considers to be an acceptable realtime indexing lag in seconds using the `maxAllowedIndexingLag` query parameter. For example, to check if ENSNode's indexing is no more than 1 minute behind the last indexed block of any chain ENSNode is indexing, you would set `maxAllowedIndexingLag=60` (60 seconds = 1 minute).
```

> To make this request, send the following HTTP request to ENSNode: `GET /amirealtime?maxAllowedIndexingLag=600`, where `600` represents the time span in seconds (10 minutes = 600 seconds).

Reviewer: We also need to document the default value for `maxAllowedIndexingLag` if it is not defined.

I suggest we reduce it from 10 minutes to just 1 minute. What do you think?

**Response Handling:**

- **Status Code 503**: The requested realtime indexing gap has not been achieved
- **Status Code 200**: The indexing lag is within acceptable limits

The response data is returned regardless of the status code. Here's an example response:

```json
{
  "currentRealtimeIndexingLag": 42608279,

>   "maxAllowedIndexingLag": 600,

Reviewer: What is the goal for including this field in the response?

Author: If the client does not provide a custom value in the `maxAllowedIndexingLag` query param, we'd use a default value defined on the route handler level.

Including the value applied as the max allowed indexing lag presents immediately what constraint was applied.

Author: As discussed on Slack, we'll keep this field as it might be helpful for requesting clients.
